{\rtf1\ansi \deff7\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f1\froman\fcharset2\fprq2 Symbol;}{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}{\f7\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}{\f11\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar \f7\fs17 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\f5\fs28\kerning28 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\i\f5 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\widctlpar \f7\fs17 \sbasedon0\snext15 footnote text;}{\*\cs16 \additive\super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}}{\info
{\author Calvin Buckley}{\operator Calvin Buckley}{\creatim\yr2021\mo1\dy6\hr21\min25}{\revtim\yr2021\mo2\dy3\hr21\min2}{\version12}{\edmins29}{\nofpages12}{\nofwords574}{\nofchars3273}{\*\company GSORG}{\vern57443}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\formshade \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\f5\fs28\kerning28 {\cs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar \f7\fs17 {\cs16\super #} about_goggles}} {\cs16\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar \f7\fs17 {\cs16\super $} About Goggles}} About Goggles

\par \pard\plain \widctlpar \f7\fs17 Goggles is an application that changes the \ldblquote colour temperature\rdblquote 
 of your screen at night, based on when the sun sets. If you find that working with your computer late at night is hard on your eyes, or that you have difficulty sleeping, it might be because 
of the blue light emitted by the screen. Goggles will remove the blue light at night (to a configurable degree), making the screen \ldblquote warmer\rdblquote  to look at.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\f5\fs28\kerning28 \page {\cs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar \f7\fs17 {\cs16\super #} configuration_dialog}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar \f7\fs17 {\cs16\super $} Configuration Dialog}}
 Configuration Dialog
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar \f7\fs17 As with any other dialog, hit OK to save changes or Cancel to back out. When you first open Goggles, you {\i must} configure it.
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\i\f5 Latitude and Longitude
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar \f7\fs17 These are the coordinates of your location. If you don\rquote t know what these should be, you can click the \ldblquote Find City\rdblquote  button and select the city closest to you.
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\i\f5 Find City
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar \f7\fs17 You can press this button to find the city closest to you for the longitude and latitude values.
\par 
\par The actual list of cities is derived from the \ldblquote cities.txt\rdblquote  file. These are colon separated values, stored in order of city name, longitude (stored with the opposite sign), and latitude. If the file couldn\rquote t be loaded, 
then it will prompt you to find the file elsewhere. If that fails, you\rquote ll get an error.
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\i\f5 Temperature
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar \f7\fs17 When Goggles is active, this is the colour temperature. Lower values are warmer colours. As you change the value, you can see of a preview of it.
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\i\f5 Interval
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar \f7\fs17 When Goggles becomes active or inactive, how fast the change to the temperature should be.
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\i\f5 Hotkeys
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar \f7\fs17 If Goggles should roll out system-wide {\strike keyboard shortcuts}{\v IDH_HOTKEYS}.
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\i\f5 Extend/Revert Range
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar \f7\fs17 If the system {\strike gamma range}{\v compat} should be extended. If you find that you can\rquote t set the temperature to certain levels, then click
 this button. Once the gamma range is extended, it will give you the option to revert the change.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\f5\fs28\kerning28 \page {\cs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar \f7\fs17 {\cs16\super #} export_gamma}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar \f7\fs17 {\cs16\super $} Export Gamma}} Export Gamma

\par \pard\plain \widctlpar \f7\fs17 This lets you export the current gamma curve as a comma separated value (CSV) file, ideal for analysis. You can then visualize the curves in your preferred spreadsheet software, such as Excel.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\f5\fs28\kerning28 \page {\cs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar \f7\fs17 {\cs16\super #} compat}${\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \f7\fs17 {\cs16\super $} Notes on Compatibility}}
 Notes on Compatibility
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar \f7\fs17 You may encounter issues relating to your hardware, drivers, or Windows itself.
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\i\f5 Driver doesn\rquote t support changing gamma
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar \f7\fs17 Some drivers or hardware are simply incapable of changing the display gamma. If so, you\rquote ll get an error on launching Goggles.
\par \pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\i\f5 Windows ICM Registry Key
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar \f7\fs17 Some versions of Windows (at least XP or newer) prevent some changes to the gamma curve. If you find you can\rquote t lower the gamma past a certain point, click the \ldblquote Extend Range\rdblquote  button in the {
\strike configuration dialog}{\v configuration_dialog}.
\par 
\par If you for some reason cannot do it from the configuration dialog, create the following registry key as a {\i DWORD}, depending on if you\rquote re using Windows 95 (including 98 and ME) or Windows NT (including Windows 2000, XP, Vista, 7, 8, and 10):

\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs17 \'b7\tab}\pard \fi-283\li283\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent283\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}Windows NT: {\f11 HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\\SOFTWARE\\Microsoft\\Windows NT\\CurrentVersion\\ICM}
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs17 \'b7\tab}Windows 95: {\f11 HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\\SOFTWARE\\Microsoft\\Windows\\CurrentVersion\\ICM}
\par \pard \widctlpar {\f11 
\par }Set this to \ldblquote {\f11 0x100}\rdblquote  (256 in decimal). You will need to restart Windows for this to take effect.
\par \page {\cs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar \f7\fs17 {\cs16\super #} IDH_CONFIG_LATLONG}} These are the coordinates of your location. If you don\rquote t know what these should be, you can click the \ldblquote Find City\rdblquote 
 button and select the city closest to you.
\par \page {\cs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar \f7\fs17 {\cs16\super #} IDH_CONFIG_TEMP}} When Goggles is active, this is the colour temperature. Lower values are warmer colours. As you change the value, you can see of a preview of it.
\par \page {\cs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar \f7\fs17 {\cs16\super #} IDH_CONFIG_FIND_CITY}} This button opens a window where you can select the city closest to you, so you can use the latitude/longitude values from that.
\par \page {\cs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar \f7\fs17 {\cs16\super #} IDH_CONFIG_INTERVAL}} When Goggles becomes active or inactive, how fast the change to the temperature should be.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\f5\fs28\kerning28 \page {\cs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar \f7\fs17 {\cs16\super #} IDH_SUNSET_SUNRISE}} Sunrise and Sunset
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar \f7\fs17 The times for sunset and sunrise are displayed.
\par \pard\plain \s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar \b\f5\fs28\kerning28 \page {\cs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar \f7\fs17 {\cs16\super #} IDH_HOTKEYS}${\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar \f7\fs17 {\cs16\super $} Keyboard Shortcuts}}
 Keyboard Shortcuts
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar \f7\fs17 The following keyboard shortcuts are used if enabled:
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs17 \'b7\tab}\pard \fi-283\li283\widctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent283\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}{\b Alt+Shift+End}: Toggles between always/never on (depending on current time) and activating normally.
\par \pard \widctlpar 
\par \page {\cs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar \f7\fs17 {\cs16\super #} IDH_CONFIG_HOTKEYS}} If Goggles should roll out system-wide keyboard shortcuts. See Help for what these shortcuts are.
\par \page {\cs16\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar \f7\fs17 {\cs16\super #} IDH_CONFIG_EXTEND_RANGE}} Click to extend the system gamma range, if you can\rquote t set the colour temperature past a certain point.
\par }